Update UserGuide Pre-Trip (#105)
AY1920S2-CS2103T-W17-3/main: docs/UserGuide.adoc

=== Pre-Trip Preparation

Allows the user to handle transportation, accommodation bookings as well as insurance when preparing for a trip.

==== Transportation Bookings

The following sections [3.2.1.1 to 3.2.1.3] allows the user to set and modify transportation bookings in the trip.

===== Create new transportation booking: `addtransport`

Creates a new transportation booking for the trip.

Format: `addtransport day/DAY type/TYPE departtime/TIME_OF_DEPARTURE arrivetime/TIME_OF_ARRIVAL startlocation/START_LOCATION
         endlocation/END_LOCATION`

****

> * `TIME_OF_DEPARTURE` and `TIME_OF_ARRIVAL` needs to be in 24hr format.

Reviewer: Grammar: "**need** to be ..."
```suggestion
* `TIME_OF_DEPARTURE` and `TIME_OF_ARRIVAL` need to be in 24hr format.
```

****

Examples:

* `addtransport day/1 type/Airplane departtime/0900 arrivetime/1500 startlocation/Singapore endlocation/Japan` +
Creates an airplane booking for the first day that starts at 0900hr and ends at 1500hr.
The location starting from Singapore and ending in Japan.

===== Edit transportation booking: `edittransport`

> Edit a transportation booking in the trip.

Reviewer: Grammar: "**Edits** a ..."
```suggestion
Edits a transportation booking for the trip.
```

Format: `edittransport INDEX [day/DAY] [type/TYPE] [departtime/TIME_OF_DEPARTURE] [arrivetime/TIME_OF_ARRIVAL]

>         [startlocation/START_LOCATION] [endlocation/END_LOCATION]`

Reviewer: For this feature, I am a bit unsure which is the best way. 

**Option 1:**
- Inlcude `day/DAY`, `departtime/TIME_OF_DEPARTURE`, `arrivetime/TIME_OF_ARRIVAL`, where time of departure and arrival are 24hr time.
Pro: Easy to implement
Con: Need multiple entries for a single booking that spans over the 00:00 time mark.

**Option 2:**
- Include `departtime/TIME_OF_DEPARTURE`, `arrivetime/TIME_OF_ARRIVAL`, where time of departure and arrival are date and time.
Pro: Easy to enter for the user, especially when the booking spans over the 00:00 time mark.
Con: Difficult to implement if we need to attach the information to the `Day` in which it spans over.

My original idea was option 2 because option 1 will result in multiple entry for one booking which seems strange. However, I think you can go with either.

Author: I was stuck in figuring out whether it needed the day input as well, because my other idea is to have the departure and arrival time take in a date time format

****

> * `TIME_OF_DEPARTURE` and `TIME_OF_ARRIVAL` needs to be in 24hr format.

Reviewer: Grammar: "**need** to be ..."
```suggestion
* `TIME_OF_DEPARTURE` and `TIME_OF_ARRIVAL` need to be in 24hr format.
```

****

Examples:

* `edittransport 2 departtime/1200 arrivetime/1500` +

> Change the start time of the second transport in the list to 1200hr and the end time to 1500hr.

Reviewer: Grammar: "**Changes** the ..." "second **transportation booking** in ..."
```suggestion
Changes the start time of the second transportation booking in the list to 1200hr and the end time to 1500hr.
```

* `edittransport 4 startlocation/Malacca endlocation/KL` +

> Change the starting location of the fourth transport in the list to Malacca and the ending location to KL.

Reviewer: Grammar: "**Changes** the ...", "**transportation booking** in ..."
```suggestion
Changes the starting location of the fourth transportation booking in the list to Malacca and the ending location to KL.
```

===== Delete transportation booking: `deletetransport`

Deletes a transportation booking in the trip.

Format: `deletetransport INDEX`

Examples:

* `deletetransport 1` +
Deletes the first transport booking.

==== Accommodation Bookings

The following sections [3.2.2.1 to 3.2.2.3] allows the user to set and modify accommodation bookings in the trip.

===== Create new accommodation booking: `addhotel`

Creates a new accommodation booking for the trip.

Format: `addhotel address/ADDRESS [phone/PHONE] startday/START_DAY endday/END_DAY [remark/REMARK]`

****

> * `START_DAY` and `END_DAY` needs to be a *positive integer* within the number of days of the given trip.

Reviewer: Grammar: "**need** to be **positive integers** within ..."
```suggestion
* `START_DAY` and `END_DAY` need to be *positive integers* within the number of days of the given trip.
```

****

Examples:

* `addhotel address/JW Marriott Hotel startday/2 endday/7` +
Creates an accommodation booking on the 2nd to 7th day at JW Marriott Hotel.

* `addhotel address/JW Marriott phone/+60 3-2715 9000 Hotel startday/2 endday/7` +
Creates an accommodation booking on the 2nd to 7th day at JW Marriott Hotel.
Adds a phone number +60 3-2715 9000 for contact purposes.

===== Edit accommodation booking: `edithotel`

Edit an accommodation booking in the trip.

Format: `edithotel INDEX [address/ADDRESS] [phone/PHONE] [startday/START_DAY] [endday/END_DAY] [remark/REMARK]`

****

> * `START_DAY` and `END_DAY` needs to be a *positive integer* within the number of days of the given trip.

Reviewer: Grammar: "**need** to be **positive integers** within ..."
```suggestion
* `START_DAY` and `END_DAY` need to be *positive integers* within the number of days of the given trip.
```

****

Examples:

* `edithotel 2 startday/4 endday/6` +

> Change the start day of the second accommodation booking in the list to 4th day and the end day to 6th day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the start day of the second accommodation booking in the list to the 4th day and the end day to the 6th day.
```

* `edithotel 3 address/Hilton KL remark/Check-in at 2pm` +

> Change the address of the third in the list to Hilton KL and change the remark to Check-in at 2pm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the address of the third accommodation booking in the list to Hilton KL and change the remark to Check-in at 2pm.
```

===== Delete accommodation booking: `deletehotel`

Deletes an accommodation booking in the trip.

Format: `deletehotel INDEX`

Examples:

* `deletehotel 2` +
Deletes the second accommodation booking.

===== Ignore accommodation for some days: `ignore`

Ignores the accommodation bookings for certain days in the trip.
Would be useful if user does not want to list any accommodation booking in the given days.

Format: `ignorehotel startday/START_DAY endday/END_DAY`

****

> * `START_DAY` and `END_DAY` needs to be a *positive integer* within the number of days of the given trip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `START_DAY` and `END_DAY` need to be *positive integers* within the number of days of the given trip.
```
